Players Dex Discord Bot - Privacy policy
The following document explains what data is collected by Players Dex.

Glossary
"Application" or "Discord application" refers to the Discord bot user, its associated owners and the servers is has
"Data" refers to data stored by an individual instance, including personal data
"Bot" or "instance" refers to the copy of the code running the Discord application, with its own data
"Collectible" refers to any object that is meant to be collected, such as football players or other future means like virtual currency
"Application owners" refers to the owners of the Discord application, meaning the one with any form of access to the application's authentication method and data belonging to the instance. This is usually referred to as the "Players Dex core team" or "Players Dex team".
"Players Dex moderation team" or "moderation team" refers to the owners of the Discord application and the users they may chose to be part of the moderation team. You may find a list of these users on the Discord server.
Open source
The code of Players Dex is open source under the MIT licence and available at https://github.com/laggron42/BallsDex-DiscordBot. A copy of the licence can be found below.

The MIT licence
You may check the source code and see how the data is managed, in addition to the following policy.

What data is collected
Players Dex collects the following data from Discord:

User IDs, this is used to identify you inside our database
Server (or guild) IDs, this is used to store settings necessary to the bot's operation
Channel IDs, this is used to know in which channel should the collectibles spawn
In addition, the following data proper to BallsDex is created and used:

The list of collectibles owned by a user of the service
A history of trades done on collectibles, including the users that once owned the said collectible but do not anymore
Various settings configured by an individual user or the server, such as player policies or spawn silent option
The bot has access to the content of messages but is used solely for the purpose of anti-cheat and the said content is not stored longer than necessary for the analysis (under one second). Message content is never cached or stored, and cannot be accessed by the administrators to read your messages.

How the data is stored
All persistent data is stored on a PostgreSQL server, running on a server hosted by Hetzner.

Interaction between the bot and the database server is exclusively local using Tortoise ORM.

Access to the data
The only people allowed to access the data are the application hosters, in this case the Ballsdex Team, who are the ones hosting this instance of Players Dex.

Any application owner may interact with the bot and the administrator interface.

The Players Dex moderation teams do not have access to the data.

The data may never be made available to the public, and its access must be secured accordingly.

Your rights
You may request a copy or the deletion of your personal data held by the application by contacting the application owners. The recommended way is sending an email to ayoub.afak.aaa@gmail.com
